docs/CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

## Getting Started
Contributions are made to this repo via Issues and Pull Requests (PRs). A few general guidelines that cover both:
- Search for existing Issues and PRs before creating your own.

### Issues
Issues should be used to report problems with the package or discuss potential changes before a PR is created. Create a 
new Issue using [templates](https://github.com/BlockScience/cats/issues/new/choose) to guide you through collecting and 
providing the information we need to investigate.

If you find an Issue that addresses the problem you're having, please add your own reproduction information to the 
existing issue rather than creating a new one.

### Pull Requests
Pull-requests (PRs) will be made using a PR template (loaded automatically when a PR is created). PRs will 
reference issues that will include your fix or improvement slated for the next release.
- Only fix/add the functionality in question.
- Include documentation in the repo if applicable.

In general, we follow the ["fork-and-pull"](https://github.com/susam/gitpr) and 
["Scaled Trunk Based Development"](https://docs.dxatscale.io/source-code-management/branching-model#scaled-trunk-based-development) 
Git workflows

1. Fork the repository to your own Github account
2. Clone the project to your machine
3. Create a branch locally with a succinct but descriptive name
4. Commit changes to the branch
5. Following any formatting and testing guidelines specific to this repo
6. Push changes to your fork
7. Open a PR in our repository and follow the PR template so that we can efficiently review the changes.

Commit message:

Updated Contribution Guidelines & created PR template

docs/CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

## Getting Started
Contributions are made to this repo via Issues and Pull Requests (PRs). A few general guidelines that cover both:
- Search for existing Issues and PRs before creating your own.

### Issues
Issues should be used to report problems with the package or discuss potential changes before a PR is created. Create a 
new Issue using [templates](https://github.com/BlockScience/cats/issues/new/choose) to guide you through collecting and 
providing the information we need to investigate.

If you find an Issue that addresses the problem you're having, please add your own reproduction information to the 
existing issue rather than creating a new one.

### Pull Requests
Pull-requests (PRs) will be made using a PR template (loaded automatically when a PR is created). PRs will 
reference issues that will include your fix or improvement slated for the next release.
- Only fix/add the functionality in question.
- Include documentation in the repo if applicable.

### Contribution Steps:
In general, we follow the ["fork-and-pull"](https://github.com/susam/gitpr) and 
["Scaled Trunk Based Development"](https://docs.dxatscale.io/source-code-management/branching-model#scaled-trunk-based-development) 
Git workflows.

1. Fork the repository to your own Github account
2. Clone the project to your machine
3. Create a new branch from the `release` branch locally with a succinct but descriptive name
4. Commit changes to new branch
5. Following any formatting and testing guidelines specific to this repo
6. Push changes to your fork
7. Open a PR in our repository and follow the PR template so that we can efficiently review the changes.
